{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li340\fi-20\ri-7900\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Welcome to StokerX\

\b0\fs36 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li340\fi-20\ri-7900\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Introduction\

\b0\fs28 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li340\fi-20\ri-7900\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 StokerX is a monitoring and control application for the Stoker BBQ controller. Using StokerX, you can record the operation of your smoker, control the temperature setting for the blower, plot the temperature readings for both the pit and food probes, and be notified when temperature targets are achieved. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li340\fi-20\ri-7900\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Getting Started\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li340\fi-20\ri-7900\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
Before getting started with StokerX, your Stoker must already be on your network, and accessible from your computer.  If you can connect to the Stoker with your web browser, you're ready to go.  The first time you start StokerX the Preferences window will open and you can enter the IP address of your Stoker in the appropriate text field.  If the Stoker is running it's web server on a non-standard port (not port 80), append a colon and the port number to the IP address (i.e. 192.168.1.100:5678). \
\
If you're planning on using email notifications of Stoker temperatures, enter your email address in the appropriate field.\
\
You can leave the default values in all the other fields for now.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li340\fi-20\ri-7900\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Twitter Integration\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li340\fi-20\ri-7900\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
StokerX can interact with Twitter in two ways - First, Twitter can be used as a notification channel for alarms and status updates.  Second, authorized Twitter users can send commands to StokerX via Twitter Direct Messages.  To accomplish this, two Twitter userIDs are needed.  The first is the normal Twitter userID for the application user.  The second is an additional Twitter userID for the Stoker/StokerX combination.  \
\
Set up the StokerX Twitter userID.  You should follow this userID with any users that want to receive the StokerX notifications.  In addition, the StokerX userID needs to follow the userIDs that are authorized to send it commands via Direct Message.\
\
Log the StokerX application into Twitter (the StokerX userID) using the Notifications menu.  You can also enable/disable the sending of Tweets from this menu with editing the Notifications table.\
\
StokerX understands the following commands sent to it via Direct Message:\
\
Status\
\
Set "<sensor name>" <temp>\
\
<sensor name> needs to be in double quotes if there are any spaces in the name\
\
}